# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week? 
I was super interested in literally everything we covered. I was super stressed about the final challenge to hack into something and find the flag but once i was doing it i just used everything that i learned over this week to do it and went suprisingly well. I'm super excited to see how the next few courses go
- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?
You can once you're inside the system basically controll it and do whatever you want. once you're inside you're in control and i was just shocked how easily you can do it if you know what you're doing or if the system isnt well protected
- What are you struggling with?
I was struggling using the commands in different systems like ubuntu or windows. so certain commands dont work, and some are easier or better in one or the other. When in doubt google is your friend and just searching commands or testing them out in a virtual machine
- What would you count as a victory?
i loved actually using what we learned to get into the raspberry pi and finding a file on there for capture the flag. i thought i wasnt going to be able to do it and was super stressing out. but while it wasnt easy it wasnt super difficult either